packages/js/README.md, before:

# SignalWire JavaScript SDK


[![Build Status](https://ci.signalwire.com/api/badges/signalwire/signalwire-node/status.svg)](https://ci.signalwire.com/signalwire/signalwire-node) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@signalwire/js.svg?color=brightgreen)

The JavaScript SDK transforms your standard browser into a realtime media engine, enabling developers to directly make audio and video calls to phone numbers, SIP endpoints, and other browsers. Using the JavaScript SDK you can add immersive, scalable communication - from video conferences and softphones to click-to-call and mobile gaming - all available right in your own web pages and applications.

## Getting Started

Read the implementation documentation, guides and API Reference at the official [Relay SDK for JavaScript Documentation](https://docs.signalwire.com/topics/relay-sdk-js) site.

---

## Contributing

Relay SDK for JavaScript is open source and maintained by the SignalWire team, but we are very grateful for [everyone](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-node/contributors) who has contributed and assisted so far.

If you'd like to contribute, feel free to visit our [Slack channel](https://signalwire.community/) and read our developer section to get the code running in your local environment.

## Developers

The JavaScript SDK is a package inside the [signalwire-node](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-node) _monorepo_. To setup the dev environment follow these steps:

1. [Download the installer](https://nodejs.org/) for the LTS version of Node.js. This is the best way to also [install npm](https://blog.npmjs.org/post/85484771375/how-to-install-npm#_=_).
2. Fork the [signalwire-node](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-node) repository and clone it.
3. Create a new branch from `master` for your change.
4. Run `npm install` to install global dependencies.
5. Run `npm run setup js` to prepare the JavaScript SDK.
6. Navigate into the JavaScript directory with `cd packages/js`.
7. Make changes!

## Versioning

Relay SDK for JavaScript follows Semantic Versioning 2.0 as defined at <http://semver.org>.

## License

Relay SDK for JavaScript is copyright © 2018-2019
[SignalWire](http://signalwire.com). It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [MIT-LICENSE](https://github.com//signalwire/signalwire-node/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Specify that we are dealing with version 1 of the JS SDK (#315)
* Specify that we are dealing with version 1

* move banner to packages/js/README.md

* update npm badge

* update npm badge in main readme

Co-authored-by: Work <work@nb-dds.lan>

packages/js/README.md, after:

# SignalWire JavaScript SDK v1


[![Build Status](https://ci.signalwire.com/api/badges/signalwire/signalwire-node/status.svg)](https://ci.signalwire.com/signalwire/signalwire-node) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@signalwire/js/legacy.svg?color=brightgreen)

> :warning: For the **latest version** of the JavaScript SDK, please see [signalwire/signalwire-js](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-js).

The JavaScript SDK transforms your standard browser into a realtime media engine, enabling developers to directly make audio and video calls to phone numbers, SIP endpoints, and other browsers. Using the JavaScript SDK you can add immersive, scalable communication - from video conferences and softphones to click-to-call and mobile gaming - all available right in your own web pages and applications.

## Getting Started

Read the implementation documentation, guides and API Reference at the official [Relay SDK for JavaScript Documentation](https://docs.signalwire.com/topics/relay-sdk-js) site.

---

## Contributing

Relay SDK for JavaScript is open source and maintained by the SignalWire team, but we are very grateful for [everyone](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-node/contributors) who has contributed and assisted so far.

If you'd like to contribute, feel free to visit our [Slack channel](https://signalwire.community/) and read our developer section to get the code running in your local environment.

## Developers

The JavaScript SDK is a package inside the [signalwire-node](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-node) _monorepo_. To setup the dev environment follow these steps:

1. [Download the installer](https://nodejs.org/) for the LTS version of Node.js. This is the best way to also [install npm](https://blog.npmjs.org/post/85484771375/how-to-install-npm#_=_).
2. Fork the [signalwire-node](https://github.com/signalwire/signalwire-node) repository and clone it.
3. Create a new branch from `master` for your change.
4. Run `npm install` to install global dependencies.
5. Run `npm run setup js` to prepare the JavaScript SDK.
6. Navigate into the JavaScript directory with `cd packages/js`.
7. Make changes!

## Versioning

Relay SDK for JavaScript follows Semantic Versioning 2.0 as defined at <http://semver.org>.

## License

Relay SDK for JavaScript is copyright © 2018-2019
[SignalWire](http://signalwire.com). It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [MIT-LICENSE](https://github.com//signalwire/signalwire-node/blob/master/LICENSE) file.
